Add docs for backup checksums (#13666)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/export-import/_includes/file_structure.md

1,"%D0%9F%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B2%D0%B5%D1%82"
```

## Checksums {#checksums}

{% note info %}

Checksums of exported files are only available for export to S3-compatible object storage at this moment.

{% endnote %}

> For each export file there is a paired file with the extension `.sha256`, which stores its checksum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ ydb-short-name }} generates a checksum for each export file and saves it to a corresponding file with the `.sha256` suffix.
```

> File checksum can be validated using the `sha256sum` console utility:

Author: @anton-bobkov @blinkov подскажете какой слово лучше всего подходит? Я вижу что встречаются варианты - `verify`/`validate`/`check` checksum

> File checksum can be validated using the `sha256sum` console utility:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To check data integrity of the export files, use the `sha256sum` console utility:
```

Author: Взял вариант от Вани

> File checksum can be validated using the `sha256sum` console utility:

Reviewer 2: По мне так "to validate a checksum", но "to check/verify data integrity". "To check a checksum" точно не вариант.

> File checksum can be validated using the `sha256sum` console utility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file checksum can be validated using the `sha256sum` console utility:
```
validate имхо норм
